players returned in the morning and traveled
to reef on Wednesday the team faces the nautical in the capital
Pernambuco is the first meeting between the two teams after the match
which marked the return of the first division team in 2005 in the delegation
a new leo miner who has been training for more than a week in the Olympian
may appear in the afflicted because of the suspension says that the avic and the injury of
pereirinha the difficult game complicated
our man of a great victory how much currents in são paulo
so we have to try to contain the total focus, but rather to signal that it is
there recovering because we can make a good game get one more
Score
the nautical trying to get out of these wings relegation with that last victory
on the corinthians but the guião also pass series of seven matches
without lose
ahern
2 cross in different moments but in good moments the nautical in the parade to
victory when buritis in são paulo that raised there any your
team
so by the life story and grimi did not think it would be a very commitment
difficult with them now motivated by the victory how corinthians is more
still difficult
I'm sure we'll go.
he regards the burden with all respect that he deserves as the species with the
only this way if we can keep the
game caps on the largest of up
10 years with friends for each team as well
program is to score goals improvement and the number of goals scored in the huts
Brazilian
is looking after having gone nani closed his listing and the
goals made that is still in search of this
but it's important that if at least I dine with the important goals the people
not suffering too, then at this beginning until we hit it is
important because it does not suffer goals like it has happened
I hope that gradually I will get tc
this is what lippi also in the offensive share that will come naturally in the
attackers also start to make goals and uncertainty and there we
also improves in the south saus in the competition
first encounter of a criminal after that game, right?
I was a remarkable historical year ahead of the personal site that was in that game
I tried chatting with my own technical access hand menezes to
respect of this meeting
we remember with satisfaction
nothing at the same time
in the difficulty that was until the moment in the batches by the expelled players
for almost losing the opportunity
suddenly the beer that I did have sanud expelled the match would end tied 20
the guild
they would or would not be tibiri ii
but what is played of the remnants both here and
then we can not see it as a rematch if we have to
face the nautical and fans of them but we have to stay focused is done
has to do at the rate that one night in front performs in there explained that the
people are thinking of quality
What was created that game of life?
by the concentration that really has to do that is to play football
and it will pass through your head when you enter the locker room of the afflicted
year
you will not be able to register on the right
and 2005, right?
It's going to be a locker room that looks bigger, I guess.
with much better moments
but I think the memories she circulated in the heads being the way
delicious, right?
pt will not need anything of irregularity and transported a
Idiot thing the occasion I think he has a crm remember this is ours
time
So I put a lot of shock glory to see what we did there was a lot
beautiful, we got nobody to bring back the team at that time in europe
in an exciting game the team surprised the program managed to make the leisure
I improved it would last little to leave with the title was to appease the ramp to excite
who played in 2005 and will play in that same
just look at November 26
the olive groves that sow the polish tst field judged that will not forget the
The idea is to give and I do not know if there will be another player
I do not know how to play
What will this game be? But for me it was
It's going to be very good to go back there. He remembers thinking.
neel who was one of the main explorers who started also has 14
points
an innocent attitude
At any moment
because this
after leading the incredible campaign, I am the first tape to confirm that
the punishment is is very great then
but I think it's going to be very good, the team also plays there
remember that at the moment who knows that policeman does not apologize to
you
the crisis in the region
turned me around and remained breathless.
in the message that
is to focus on the local market or fix it trying to do it
your best understands end of your team is trying to defend it that part
of income
We're trying.
certify that there was no penalty and such
so you end up having attitudes sometimes
it does not concern your person but if it happens then many are not subject
that happened to me this thing happened to anyone
now the unimportant juca has grown because un wti is having a
reaction
what did you think alexandre nassar our vacancy in the zone of classification
liberators in the patrician
we have to look for us the best player of the Brazilian championship - who
seek to make a good game that could be very good moment
the safe was playing very well outside the house and collecting points outside the home
this is very important we have to continue in this same rhythm there with golf
players coming back now the hand will have more conditions to put the team than
leads me to believe that I have felt the field to help us, so this is the
The players' thinking there continues to maintain a good pace and
then made the table